Consider this TOS your first and final warning on all thins documented here.

Accounts: 
  By clicking I Agree you are hereby acknowledging that you agree to use and have only one account per person(s) in your household that play on Vas Ort Flam.  Any violation of this policy will result in a immediate ban of your and all other consequent accounts.  The ban will not be up for question and will not be lifted for any reason. If you have multiple people in your household that are playing on Vas Ort Flam, then by all means you are more then welcome to create one account per person. Do not abuse this or the noted punishment will come without warning.

Vulgar Language:
  Smack talk is allowed. We will not punish, warn, and/or interfere with this unless one or more of the following occurs.  If you in anyway use any terms deemed racial or prejudice you will get one warning.  All subsequent violations will result in but not limited to, jail time, account suspension and even account termination.  Please use common sense on what is and isn’t allowed.

Griefing:
  My Definition: A constant, focused, repetitive attack on a specific target or group of targets to create a sense of disheartenment or non-enjoyment of their current situation.  
  This is 100% not tolerated.  Sure it has become quite a huge roll in UO. However this does not make it right.  Simply put, If you like this server and want to continue to see it grow, do not grief, its not healthy for the player base and simple does not help anything.

Staff Abuse:
  Our staff is here to help you. But we are not here to give you things for free, to teleport you places, or to even help you kills something.  The only reason you should ever need staff is if you are physically stuck and can not move, something went missing, or if someone is griefing you.  All other related questions can be asked on the forums.  We are not here to baby sit you and we are definitely not here to take your crap so don’t give it.

By clicking I Agree below you are agreeing to these terms and are agreeing that this is your one and only warning regarding them.

Thanks, VOF Staff
